# Meetup Explorer App
Live Demo - [https://meetupevents.netlify.app/](https://meetupevents.netlify.app/)

## About the App

Meetup Explorer is a React-based web application designed to showcase upcoming meetups from various groups. The app fetches daily updated data from an external JSON file, which is generated by a Python script that aggregates information from a list of meetup groups. This app provides a user-friendly interface for exploring local meetups, displaying event details in an organized, responsive card layout. Features include formatted date displays, expandable descriptions, and links to additional information.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the app up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Before installing the app, make sure you have the following installed:

- Node.js
- npm (Node Package Manager)
- Git (for cloning the repository)

### Installation

1. **Clone the Repository**

   First, clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nikaskeba/Meetup-Event-Scraper-React-Js.git
   cd Meetup-Event-Scraper-React-Js
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**

   Inside the project directory, install the required dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Environment Setup**

   Set up any necessary environment variables or configurations specific to the Python script and React app.

4. **Running the Application**

   Start the application locally:

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

   This will run the app in development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## Usage

The Meetup Explorer app is straightforward to use:

- **View Upcoming Meetups**: The main page displays upcoming meetups grouped by date.
- **Explore Meetup Details**: Click on any meetup to expand its description and view more details such as time, location, and a link to the event page.
- **Check Back Daily**: The meetup list updates once daily, so be sure to check back for the latest events.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Meetup Explorer app. If you would like to contribute, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact

```
